= Placements Teaser

== Installation

* Install Rails: http://railsinstaller.org/

* Clone repo:
  $ git clone git@github.com:shpen/placements_teaser.git

* Install gems
  $ bundle install

* Initialize database
  $ rake db:migrate
  $ rake db:seed

* Start rails server
  $ rails s

== Implementation

I used sqlite3, since it would be easiest to setup, avoiding the complexity of
a Postgres service in our development environment. In production though, I would
switch to Postgres and a different server gem such as Puma.

I added basic bootstrap styling to make the interface easier on the eyes, as well
as adding support for editing on mobile. The experience is not best on mobile,
considering the table is quite wide, but it works. More time could be spent on
upgrading the mobile experience, but I believe it would be better just to
develop a native app at that point.

The app functions basically as a one page app, with all interaction occuring through
ajax calls. For a business that is building a consumer app, supporting users who
disable or don't support javascript would be preferred, but in this case I wanted to
focus on the ideal javascript-enabled experience.

Below are the specific features I chose to implement:

* Edit line-item adjustments.
* See each item's billable amount.
* Flag individual line items as reviewed.
* Flag campaigns as reviewed.
* Sort by columns.

I grouped my development of these into three sections: sorting, adjustment editing,
and flagging.

Sorting was fairly straightforward and only caused trouble when trying
to sort by campaign, since that data was in a different table, so I had to create
a special sort-case for that.

Adjustment editing went along with showing billable amount, since that would be
updated when the adjustment was changed. I decided to create an extra column in
the table for the billable amount, otherwise I would have to recalculate the
total each time the data is shown. I could have done it on the fly, but the
trade-offs there would really depend on production needs and whether space or
speed was more of a concern.

Flagging also involved adding another column to both tables. I chose to keep the flags
separate instead of applying a flag to each individual line item when the campaign
was flagged, because otherwise the logic for determining if we should disable
the campaign flag would be too complex. I also added a validation to prevent unflagging,
in case someone tried to edit the source and submit 'false' for the reviewed flag.